README.md, before:

# pybeh
Python behavioral toolbox for the analysis of free-recall data


Support
------------
Please report potential bugs and make feature requests on [github](https://github.com/pennmem/pybeh/issues).

Installation
------------

The only dependency for this toolbox is [NumPy](https://github.com/numpy/numpy), a popular Python package for scientific computing.

You can use [anaconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/install/) to install this dependency if it is not already installed:

  ```
  conda install -y numpy
  ``` 

If you are working on data formats commonly used by the Computational Memory Lab, it is recommended that you install use [PTSA](https://github.com/pennmem/ptsa_new) to facilitate reading in behavioral data into a format usable by the toolbox.

To install from source, download the source code and install:

  ```
  python setup.py install
  ```
Documentation
------------

-   [QuickStart]

  [QuickStart]: https://github.com/pennmem/pybeh/blob/master/notebooks/pybeh%20Quick%20Start.ipynb

Commit message:

Updated README to note the scipy dependency

README.md, after:

# pybeh
Python behavioral toolbox for the analysis of free-recall data


Support
------------
Please report potential bugs and make feature requests on [github](https://github.com/pennmem/pybeh/issues).

Installation
------------

The toolbox depends on two packages that are standard for scientific computing:
- [NumPy](https://github.com/numpy/numpy)
- [SciPy](https://www.scipy.org/)

You can use [anaconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/install/) to install this dependency if it is not already installed:

  ```
  conda install -y numpy scipy
  ``` 

If you are working on data formats commonly used by the Computational Memory Lab, it is recommended that you install use [PTSA](https://github.com/pennmem/ptsa_new) to facilitate reading in behavioral data into a format usable by the toolbox.

To install from source, download the source code and install:

  ```
  python setup.py install
  ```

Documentation
------------

-   [QuickStart]

  [QuickStart]: https://github.com/pennmem/pybeh/blob/master/notebooks/pybeh%20Quick%20Start.ipynb
